what's up everyone the saturnine 8610
and today we're gonna talk about two
cards that were in the latest episode of
the anime that Kato used of course we're
going with the Japanese anime I have no
idea how far the English anime is I'm
going to assume it's still pretty far
behind but have no idea it's always on
early in the mornings and I'm sleeping
at that time anyway let's see this coat
I thought was kind of cool talk about I
know it's not a number card yet we have
a lot of number cards to talk about but
this one was kind of a blast from the
past because it's basically paladin of
white dragon for photons it's a photon
version of which is pretty cool let's
see this one is paladin of photon dragon
like I said I think it's the same stats
and everything but I'll go and read off
the stats let's see it is a level for
ritual dragon monster so that's pretty
cool 1910 1200 offense it's affected you
can virtual summon this card with the
Cenotaph quantum dragon you contribute
this card special summon 1 galaxy-eyes
photon dragon from your hand or deck
ignoring the summoning conditions so
yeah basically piled in a white dragon
but instead of four blows white dragon
this one is for galaxy-eyes photon
dragon I found this was pretty cool I
don't know if this is the only ritual
monster from sale I feel like it's the
only ritual one but I could be missing
something on that but first off i hope
this cards printed just for the simple
fact that it's actually pretty good and
it's a new ritual monster i like seeing
more ritual monsters i know i feel like
i've been complaining about that a lot
lately and i had loved seeing more
ritual monster just thought it was a
cool way of sending cards even though
it's i guess a bit slow in some
circumstances i'd still like to see more
support for this you know more art type
to do this besides gishki sino gifs keys
are pretty much the only ark tap that
even use rituals and this would actually
I can see this helping out photons maybe
a little bit I don't know it would be
more of a fun thing I guess but bringing
out a pretty easy to bring out
galaxy-eyes photon dragon that's pretty
awesome of course to it also has its own
ritual card which is the sin to have
quantum dragons you see we actually a
picture that the armor it looks really
nice and yeah pretty basic ritual effect
I'll go ahead and read it off this card
is used to ritual seven paladin a photon
dragon you must also tribute monsters
from your hand or failed whose levels
equal four
or more so yeah at least is not exact to
you can't be more uh what do you guys
think about this card maybe I'm just
liking it because it's a night riding a
freaking dragon you guys know I'm a
sucker for that kind of stuff you know
night of course username and Dragons so
but I really do hope to see more ritual
must hope this cars just printed yeah I
don't know if he would be used as much
but I could see its carbon print it out
see his effect really changing I mean
like I said I think this is the exact
same stats even an attack and offense if
i'm not mistaken of town and white
dragon I know Kalin White Dragon has the
same attack I don't know about the
defense I don't remember but yeah tell
me what you guys think about this do you
think maybe there should be more ritual
monsters in the future maybe not we even
with the anime but you know just like a
new art type in general I'd love to see
that honestly you know and that could
work good with exceeds and synchro some
stuff to accept I'm what you guys think
about this thank you for watching
remember to come right in subscribe and
also tell me is his first real monster
Brazil I don't remember I feel like this
is but I'm not half percent sure on that
I'm sure someone out there has seen all
the episodes to know I don't really keep
up to date with too many of the episodes
I like watch one here and there so i
think i'm still pretty far behind so
yeah they could have had a few other
ritual monsters but i just don't know so
tell me what you guys think thank you
for watching all the info will be in the
description and i'll catch you guys
later see you